The folders prefixed with "Policy" are aggregation categories based on C1234, C56, and C78, and the latest articles are analyzed based on these categories. The logic behind the code execution is as follows:

1.Run the data_world_single_variable.ipynb file located in the Policy-Data Processing and Kmeans folder to process the dataset. For example, this analysis includes examining the missing data proportions for different years and generating a time series with a 10-year time step (missing values are replaced by the mean of the respective year). The Kyoto Gases.csv file is a processed dataset.

2.Run the Kmeans Analysis based on new category.ipynb file in the Policy-Data Processing and Kmeans folder. This file is primarily used for clustering based on the Kyoto Gases data. To enhance visualization, we use the UMAP method for dimensionality reduction. The KyotoGasesMatrix.npy file contains the DTW (Dynamic Time Warping) information, which measures time series similarity. You can also use the related APIs in the tslearn library to obtain this information. The clustering results in this file inspire the aggregation of categories.

3.The Policy Feature Selection folder contains programs for evaluating feature importance using random forests and Shapley values. The programs in this folder run independently of each other. In the experiments, we examine the rate of change in variables over different time periods (e.g., 2010-2030, 2030-2050) as temporal features to identify key moments for emission reductions. Additionally, we deliberately add or remove certain model features to observe how these changes affect the classification results and feature importance.

4.The Policy-Generative Model folder primarily includes programs for training generative models and their corresponding random forest models. The generative model framework is based on the tsgm library. Due to the randomness introduced during training, we save the model weights in .h5 files to ensure the generated data is reproducible. The names of the generative model programs are related to the variables involved in the training, such as CGAN-Top6, which refers to training a CGAN using the six most important features.